So have you adopted Kaby? It is really interesting. I don't know how much I am barging into your personal space but this is something uncommon here. How did you end up taking care of Kaby?

Well homebody is negative if you overdo it like me. I used to be a homebody but it is one of those things I wish I didn't do. I struggle a lot socially now. Even when I try to mingle with people, I still feel awkward. It is the reverse for me, at 16 I desisted humans and their lives, I will call everything stupid. It has a lot to do with movies and books which provided me a more ideal world to live in than the real one. It is only now that I realized that the real world is no less beautiful, full of adventures and fantasies and people aren't actually stupid but just social and small talk isn't waste of time, it helps creating a bond between people.

I could tell this by comparing myself with my friend who was a great talker, actually talked too much, didn't really care what people thought of him. People will mock him for being too talkative when we were younger. But now that I see him, he still talks a lot but everything he says is so interesting and he travels so much, learned so many skill. He has become what one may call a smart person. While the reserved me, who didn't want to be mocked stayed at home, thinking his own little world among books and movies is sufficient to teach him everything about the world, didn't get to learn a lot about the real world.

Haha, another drawback of being a homebody. I never learned to swim. Honestly, it was mostly because I was too shy to take off my clothes because of my lean body. I was so concerned about people laughing at me, that I wouldn't do a lot of things that I would've loved to do.

I have taken interest in hiking recently now. I have begun to realize that those moments with friends are more enjoyable than sitting in the home and watching a movie. I think it would've been more enjoyable during my teens when feelings were felt more than they do now.

I guess I mentioned my favorite things. My most favorite thing was watching movies but I overdid that and now am trying to get rid of the addiction (celebrate for three months xD), second was reading books that I used to do less and less with so many distraction around, the internet and stuff, but I am picking up the pace again. My new favorite things has become going hiking or just hanging out with friends on weekends. Two more things that I want to do but haven't yet are trekking and travelling overseas. I hope one of the wishes get fulfilled this year. And yeah, meeting people all around the world and writing long messages like this is one of the unintentional favorite things that just happened but I enjoy it.

I guess, I would have to differ with you on that. I don't think virtual experience is the same as actually going to that place. You can't feel the touch or the breeze over your body or the smell of the trees or the heat of the soon or shade of a rock or the unexpected events that happen on the way, the joy of talking with friends on the way, the thrill of planning the trip and then things not going the way you planned them. And I think only when you travel those place, you realize their importance. Real travelers are very conscious about the places they visit. They know how valuable these places have been for them so they take care of them. All of this comes to you courtesy of a homebody who wants to stretch his wings so my desires might have biased my views.
